Add some tips on how to patch CVEs in different languages. (#2020)
wolfi-dev/os: HOW_TO_PATCH_CVES.md

```

This will notify vulnerability scanners that consume our secdb that this vulnerabitiliy doesn't apply to any of the versions of this package that we've published.

## Language Specific Tips

### Go

For go apps, we often bump dependencies to pick up fixes.
There are a few ways to do this, but most typically involve running the `go get` command with a specific version.

This can be done inside a `runs` block in a melange pipeline, or using the `deps` feature of the `go/build` pipeline.

To do it manually (in the `runs` block), use something like this:

```yaml

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

go get golang.org/x/text@v0.3.8
go mod tidy
```

Note that this must come **after** the source has been fetched, and **before** the build takes place.

You typically need a `go mod tidy` at the end of a series of `go get` invocations.

If the app uses a `vendor` directory (this is rare), you'll need to run `go mod vendor` instead of `go mod tidy`.

These steps usually work, but occassionaly dependencies can become tangled and you'll need to bump a few more before you can bump the one you want to get a build to work.

In these cases it's best to clone the app and test it all locally outside of melange.

If you get stuck, ask for help!

### Java

Java apps mostly use either maven or gradle, which use different version declaration schemes.

If you're patching a vulnerable dependency, you'll first need to figure out which package manager you're using.

From there, you can manually edit the file (either `pom.xml` or `build.gradle`) to contain the new version.

> After that, test the bulid and package as normal, and generate a `.patch` file, following the instructions above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, test the build and package as usual and generate a `.patch` file, following the instructions above.
```
